ELEMENT TYPES:

    1. Persistent element
        A persistent element’s transformation, such as a navigation icon, starts and ends on screen.

    2. Outgoing element
        An outgoing element, such as a title, exits the screen by fading out.

    4. Incoming element
        An incoming element, such as each of these action items, enters the screen by fading in.

    5. Static element
        A static element, such as the overflow menu, doesn’t transform.

TRANSITION TYPES:

    1. Tween
        displays a seamless progression of changes applied to a component or element over time.
        For example, a switch can move smoothly across a screen by tweening to its position,
        or a floating action button (FAB) can transform into a card by tweening FAB size and corner radius.

    2. Fade (Fade-Through, Dissolve, Crossed-Dissolved)
        refers to tweening an element’s opacity. Even when elements have properties that don’t have
        intermediate states, fading can create smooth transitions. For example, an image can transition
        to another image by fading the opacity of one to reveal the other.

    3. Transform or Morph
        involves synchronizing element movements to enhance continuity. For example, if a FAB suddenly displays a
        different icon, it could be distracting. A shared transformation smoothly expresses a change in icons while the icons are in motion.

EASING TYPES:

    1. Standard
        Used for creating unified expressions (FastOutSlowIn)

    2. Incoming
        Used for elements entering the scene (LinearOutSlowIn)

    3. Outgoing
        Used for elements exiting the scene (FastOutLinearIn)

    When creating a morph transition elements coming out of the scene should use exit easing while elements coming into the scene should
    use enter easing in order to create a persistent and unified effect.

    Outgoing elements dissapear at 30% of the duration while the incoming appear for the rest of the duration.
    Persistent elements animate through the whole duration.